# Challenge
>Welcome to Web-102! Here's an introduction to the HTTP protocol and Burp Suite! Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript is recommended, so feel free to solve Web-101 first. Good luck!

Author: null
# Solution
### Challenge 1
Once we go a few pages into the challenge we get the first challenge; to find the request to the current website in Burp Suite and find the code in the response headers.

Open Burp Suite, then activate foxyproxy in your browser and refresh the page. Now go to "Proxy" in Burp Suite and find "HTTP History". Find the request to /http and read the headers.
```
HTTP/2 200 OK
Server: gunicorn
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2024 13:22:43 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 5959
Kode: 991859
```
Enter the value of the "kode" header into the website to continue.
### Challenge 2
In this challenge, our browser sends 100 requests and we need to find the one with the 'Kode-Sok' response header. In HTTP history in Burp Suite, click the filter to search for 'Kode-Sok:', and one single request should show up. It's important to search for 'Kode-Sok:' with the colon at the end, as opposed to just 'Kode-Sok', since every request contains that term when describing what you should be looking for.

After searching, this request comes up:
```
HTTP/2 200 OK
Server: gunicorn
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2024 13:31:09 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 8
Kode-Sok: 520319
```
Enter the value of the 'Kode-Sok' header into the website to continue.
### Challenge 3
This challenge wants us to use the "Repeater" function in Burp.

The challenge gives us a text field conatining the number 12345, and a button that makes a POST request to this website with that value. We can't change the value on the website, but we can change it in the request.

Click "Gå videre!" and find the POST request in HTTP history, press Ctrl+R and go to the "Repeater" tab. Here you can send the same request mulitple times with small modifiactions to see the different responses. Change the value "12345" at the bottom of the request to whatever the code the website gave you.
```
HTTP/2 200 OK
Server: gunicorn
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 2024 14:02:24 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 37

Riktig kode! Gå videre til /intruder
```
### Challenge 4
In this challenge we will use the "Intruder" function in Burp.

The challenge wants us to find the two-digit value we have to put in our POST request to get to the next level. Press "Gå videre!" to capture the POST request, select it in Burp, and press Ctrl+I. Go to the "Intruder" tab, and change 'kode={code}' to 'kode=§§'. Go to the 'Payloads' tab, and change 'Payload type' to 'Numbers'. Now set 'From' to 10 and 'To' to 99 and start the attack. This will try to send the same request but with every number from 10-99.  

When the attack is done, we can look for the request that returned a 200 status code instead of a 401. In my case it was the request with payload '55'.
```
HTTP/2 200 OK
Server: gunicorn
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 2024 14:12:11 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 36

Riktig kode! Gå videre til /cookies
```
### Challenge 5
Go to the 'Intercept' tab and turn on intercept. Now refresh the page. Find the cookie header and change '"admin": false' to '"admin": true'.
```
Cookie: user="{\"username\": \"admin\"\054 \"admin\": true}"
```
Now the website shows us the code, and we can continue.
### Challenge 6
Turn on intercept and refresh the page. Swap out 'GET' at the beginning of the request with 'FLAGG' and send the request. This gives us the flag.
```
Gratulerer! Flagget er: flag{http_3r_tr0s5_4lt_kun_t3ks7!}
```