# Challenge
>Welcome to Web-101! Here's a basic introduction to HTML, CSS and JavaScript! No previous knowledge or specific tools needed, everything runs directly in your browser. Solve each section's challenge and assemble the flag. Good luck!

Author: null

This challenge consists of three parts where each part gives you a piece of the flag.
# Solution
## 1. HTML
At the bottom of the page we find the challenge. There is an HTML line which is incorrectly written. We just need to fix it and add it to the HTML code on the site.
```
STARTimg src="/htmlSLASHhtml-flag.png" alt="Hm, bildet laster visst ikke inn..." /SLUTT
```
Replace START with "<", SLUTT with ">", and SLASH with "/". Once this is done, the site displays and image with part of the flag.
```
flag{html_css_og_javascrip
```
## 2. CSS
This time we have two images that have to overlap correctly to show the flag. Find the last <style> element and change ".b". Change padding to 50px, and rotation to 270deg.
```
.b {
        padding: 50px;
        transform: rotate(270deg);
    }
```
This flag piece is kind of hard to read, but now it is visible.
```
t_er_byggeklossene_for_al
```
## 3. JavaScript
For this last challenge we just have to modify a piece of JavaScript code to return the final piece of the flag.
```
const flag = 'nope';

function getFlag() {
    const data = [ 116, 95, 100, 117, 95, 115, 101, 114, 95, 112, 229, 95, 105, 110, 116, 101, 114, 110, 101, 116, 116, 101, 116, 33, 125 ];
    return data.map(x => String.fromCharCode(x)).join('');
}

getFlag();

alert('Flagget er: ' + flag);
```
As we can see, the "getFlag()" function is called, but not printed. The variable flag is printed in an alert, but doesn't contain the flag. We just need to get the output of "getFlag()", for example with an alert.
Just swap out "flag" for "getFlag()" in the alert function and run the code.
```
Flagget er: t_du_ser_på_internettet!}
```

By combining these pieces we get the full flag:
```
flag{html_css_og_javascript_er_byggeklossene_for_alt_du_ser_på_internettet!}
```
